d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\Katalog.exe.config
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\Katalog.exe
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\Katalog.pdb
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\Katalog_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\Katalog_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\Katalog.g.resources
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\Katalog.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\Katalog.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\Katalog.exe
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\Katalog.pdb
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\KatalogDatabase.mdf
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\KatalogDatabase_log.ldf
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\benutzerdaten\emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\Katalog_Content.g.cs
d:\benutzerdaten\Emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
d:\benutzerdaten\Emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\ObjectControl.g.cs
d:\benutzerdaten\Emma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\ObjectControl.baml
D:\Benutzerdaten\Emma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.ConnectionInfo.dll
D:\Benutzerdaten\Emma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Sdk.Sfc.dll
D:\Benutzerdaten\Emma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Smo.dll
D:\Benutzerdaten\Emma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.SmoExtended.dll
D:\Benutzerdaten\Emma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.SqlEnum.dll
D:\Benutzerdaten\Emma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Dmf.dll
D:\Benutzerdaten\Emma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.ServiceBrokerEnum.dll
D:\Benutzerdaten\Emma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.RegSvrEnum.dll
D:\Benutzerdaten\Emma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Sdk.Sfc.resources.dll
D:\Benutzerdaten\Emma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.SqlServer.Dmf.resources.dll
D:\Benutzerdaten\Emma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.SqlServer.RegSvrEnum.resources.dll
D:\Benutzerdaten\Emma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\Benutzerdaten\Emma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\Resources\Styles.baml
D:\Benutzerdaten\Emma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\Katalog.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Benutzerdaten\Emma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\PageSelectorControl.g.cs
D:\Benutzerdaten\Emma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Katalog\Katalog\obj\Debug\PageSelectorControl.baml
